"I swear i will finish what you started, Old Hu". These were Hu Tao's words at her grandfather's resting place. Unfortunately, between running the funeral parlor and choking  The Traveler's head between her thighs, Hu Tao doesn't have much time to finish Old Hu's magical machinery he called an "Operating System"
One day, a band of five men met Hu Tao right outside the parlor. 
Hu Tao : Finally changed your mind? If you're going to be deep and buried, might as well buy our premium gold coffin! Half price!
Azri : i'm not planning on dying anytime soon. Speaking of deep and buried, we're here for something else
Hu Tao : My grandfather?
Azri : Surely you jest. I'm talking about "that" 
Hu Tao: You're still hung up on that old thing? I told you i'm not gonna let you touch it >_<
Azri: Please! We can complete it!
Hu Tao: How can i trust what you're saying? You five are dressed weird and came all the way here to Liyue after hearing nothing but mere whispers about my grandfather's creation
Azri: Please! It is our only way of going ho- Rasyad quickly placed his hands over Azri's mouth
Rasyad: Look, i know you're worried about us breaking your granddad's precious relic but we're professionals here. Well, except for Billy
Hu Tao doesn't look amused
Rasyad: Tell you what, if we break it then we'll serve this place until the day we die
Hu Tao's face turned into a complex expression. The funeral parlor has been hit by hard times recently, and a lot of the staff has quit. She can't really reject such a tempting offer
Hu Tao: How do i know you're gonna keep your word? Prove it to me
The five men look at each other in a confused manner. She was right, _how_ can they prove their honesty?
Azri: Blindfold us.
All other persons in the vicinity loudly exclaimed "What?!"
Azri: Blindfold us and do whatever you want to us for 5 minutes. We won't fight back. Please, we have no hostile intentions.
Hu Tao smiles playfully after hearing the idea
Hu Tao: Oh really~~? Hmm, but the five of you can easily outnumber me if anything happens. You. * points to Azri * You seem the most passionate about my grandfather. I'll take you inside but your friends stay outside. 
Azri looks behind to his four friends
Azri: It's okay guys, i'll go in
Billy: woila mimpi basah author loh ya
Nathan: Ah ini mah lu suka Zri
Daniel: Kok senyum-senyum gitu Zri
Rasyad: bit karbit
Azri: sybauuu
Azri and Hu Tao enters the once-lively funeral parlor.
bla bla bla sex scene goes here
Hu Tao, out of breath: F-fine! Take it and do whatever you want to it!
And thus, this is the archive of their work